docs/examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

There are two separate files for both the on- and off-chain examples dealing with the complete issuance and verification process for either a single or a combined proof: [`exampleSingle.ts`](exampleSingle.ts) / [`exampleSingle.chain.ts`](exampleSingle.chain.ts) and [`exampleCombined.ts`](exampleCombined.ts) / [`exampleCombined.chain.ts`](exampleCombined.chain.ts). These should give you a good idea how to the library can be used with and without the chain.

We split both types of examples into the following three processes:

### Off-chain processes

1. [actorProcess](./offchain/1_actorProcess.ts) - Creation of claimer, attester(s) and accumulator(s)
2. [issuanceProcess](./offchain/2_issuanceProcess.ts) - Issuance of the credential (claimer and attester)
3. [verificationProcessSingle](./offchain/3_verificationProcessSingle.ts) / [3_verificationProcessCombined](./offchain/3_verificationProcessCombined.ts) - Verification of the credential w/ and w/o revocation (claimer and verifier)

### On-chain processes

You are required to have an active [substrate](https://www.parity.io/substrate/) blockchain implementing the [`portablegabi-pallet`](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/portablegabi-pallet). You could clone and set up this [`portablegabi-node`](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/portablegabi-node) basic substrate template implementing the portablegabi-pallet.

1. [actorProcess](./onchain/1_actorProcess.ts) - Creation of claimer, attester(s) and accumulator retrieval of chain or storage if missing
2. [issuanceProcess](./offchain/2_issuanceProcess.ts) - See off-chain (nothing on-chain happens here)
3. [verificationProcessSingle](./onchain/3_verificationProcessSingle.ts) / [3_verificationProcessCombined](./onchain/3_verificationProcessCombined.ts) - Verification of the credential w/ and w/o revocation (claimer and verifier)

Note that we are using `Alice` and `Bob` nodes in the examples to retrieve and store accumulators on the chain. Depending on your chain, you might have to swap the URI to nodes with balance in the [example config](exampleConfig.ts#4), otherwise you can only retrieve them.

## Where can I find negative examples?

Please note, that the examples displayed here are mainly positive. For negative ones please have a look at the following tests. Most notably are the ones within `GabiVerifier.spec.ts`

- [Accumulator `'Negative tests'`](../../src/attestation/Accumulator.spec.ts#L79)
- [GabiClaimer `'Negative tests'`](../../src/claim/GabiClaimer.spec.ts#L362)
- [GabiAttester `'Test attester functionality'`](../../src/attestation/GabiAttester.spec.ts#L100)
- [GabiVerifier `'Negative tests'`](../../src/verification/GabiVerifier.spec.ts#419)
- [GabiVerifierChain `'Negative tests'`](../../src/verification/GabiVerifier.chain.spec.ts#155)
- [CombinedRequestBuilder `'If one credential is revoked, it...'`](../../src/attestation/CombinedRequestBuilder.spec.ts#234)
- [Blockchain `'Negative tests`](../../src/blockchain/Blockchain.spec.ts#78)

## Remarks

We are aware that the key generation `GabiAttester.create()` takes about more than 10 monutes due to finding huge prime numbers in a single threat being very slow in WASM. Therefore, all examples and tests use pre-generated keys in Go. We are currently working on this issue.

Commit message:

Add browser compatibility (#25)
* chore: add webpack as dev dependency

* chore: add browser compatibility to wasm_exec

* chore: add browser files

* docs: add browser usage to READMEs

* tests: remove browser dir from jest

* docs: re-add revocation example to readme

* fix: github actions fail

* fix: wepback error cant resolve fs

* chore: remove browserBundle

* refactor: improve readmes

* refactor: remove ts-loader dependency

* refactor: improve check for fs and fetch

* chore: improve browser example

* fix: incorrect wasm init in node

* chore: add yarn webpack alias

* refactor: update readmes

* chore: remove unused browser exclusions

* chore: remove unused browser.ts

* chore: rm webpack dependency

* chore: update browser example

* refactor: adjust readmes to new example structure

* chore: rm root webpack cfg

* chore: update browser example

* core: add wasmFetchDir to wasm_exec

* docs: update browser example readme

* chore: add browser example dist folder to gitignore

* chore: revert addition of dom to tsconfig

* fix: add correct path of browser example readme

* chore: update yarn.lock

* docs: fix missing words

* fix: bundle

* refactor: update browserExample

docs/examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

There are two separate files for both the on- and off-chain examples dealing with the complete issuance and verification process for either a single or a combined proof: [`exampleSingle.ts`](exampleSingle.ts) / [`exampleSingle.chain.ts`](exampleSingle.chain.ts) and [`exampleCombined.ts`](exampleCombined.ts) / [`exampleCombined.chain.ts`](exampleCombined.chain.ts). These should give you a good idea how to the library can be used with and without the chain.

We split both types of examples into the following three processes:

### Off-chain processes

1. [actorProcess](./offchain/1_actorProcess.ts) - Creation of claimer, attester(s) and accumulator(s)
2. [issuanceProcess](./offchain/2_issuanceProcess.ts) - Issuance of the credential (claimer and attester)
3. [verificationProcessSingle](./offchain/3_verificationProcessSingle.ts) / [3_verificationProcessCombined](./offchain/3_verificationProcessCombined.ts) - Verification of the credential w/ and w/o revocation (claimer and verifier)

### On-chain processes

You are required to have an active [substrate](https://www.parity.io/substrate/) blockchain implementing the [`portablegabi-pallet`](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/portablegabi-pallet). You could clone and set up this [`portablegabi-node`](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/portablegabi-node) basic substrate template implementing the portablegabi-pallet.

1. [actorProcess](./onchain/1_actorProcess.ts) - Creation of claimer, attester(s) and accumulator retrieval of chain or storage if missing
2. [issuanceProcess](./offchain/2_issuanceProcess.ts) - See off-chain (nothing on-chain happens here)
3. [verificationProcessSingle](./onchain/3_verificationProcessSingle.ts) / [3_verificationProcessCombined](./onchain/3_verificationProcessCombined.ts) - Verification of the credential w/ and w/o revocation (claimer and verifier)

Note that we are using `Alice` and `Bob` nodes in the examples to retrieve and store accumulators on the chain. Depending on your chain, you might have to swap the URI to nodes with balance in the [example config](exampleConfig.ts#4), otherwise you can only retrieve them.

## Run in the browser

It is also possible to use the Portablegabi API in the browser, see [here](browser/README.md) for more details.

## Where can I find negative examples?

Please note, that the examples displayed here are mainly positive. For negative ones please have a look at the following tests. Most notably are the ones within `GabiVerifier.spec.ts`

- [Accumulator `'Negative tests'`](../../src/attestation/Accumulator.spec.ts#L79)
- [GabiClaimer `'Negative tests'`](../../src/claim/GabiClaimer.spec.ts#L362)
- [GabiAttester `'Test attester functionality'`](../../src/attestation/GabiAttester.spec.ts#L100)
- [GabiVerifier `'Negative tests'`](../../src/verification/GabiVerifier.spec.ts#419)
- [GabiVerifierChain `'Negative tests'`](../../src/verification/GabiVerifier.chain.spec.ts#155)
- [CombinedRequestBuilder `'If one credential is revoked, it...'`](../../src/attestation/CombinedRequestBuilder.spec.ts#234)
- [Blockchain `'Negative tests`](../../src/blockchain/Blockchain.spec.ts#78)

## Remarks

We are aware that the key generation `GabiAttester.create()` takes about more than 10 monutes due to finding huge prime numbers in a single threat being very slow in WASM. Therefore, all examples and tests use pre-generated keys in Go. We are currently working on this issue.
